Introduce Asset Store integration tests (#2928)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/asset-store/README.md

To run integration tests, use the following command:

```bash
APP_KUBECONFIG_PATH=/Users/$USER/.kube/config go test main_test.go
```

### Build a production version

To build the production Docker image, run this command:

```bash
docker build {image_name}:{image_tag}
```

The variables are:

- `{image_name}` that is the name of the output image. The default name is `asset-store-test`.
- `{image_tag}` that is the tag of the output image. The default tag is `latest`.

### Environmental variables

Use the following environment variables to configure the application:

| Name | Required | Default | Description |
|------|----------|---------|-------------|
| **APP_KUBECONFIG_PATH** | No |  | The path to the `kubeconfig` file, needed for running an application outside of the cluster |
| **APP_TEST_UPLOAD_SERVICE_URL** | No | `http://localhost:3000/v1/upload` | The URL of the Asset Upload Service |

> | **APP_TEST_WAIT_TIMEOUT** | No | `3m` | The timeout of waiting for resources |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **APP_TEST_WAIT_TIMEOUT** | No | `3m` | The period of time for which the application waits for the resources to respond |
```
